# 3.0.0

## Features and Changes:

- Scenario Outline support: https://github.com/ttutisani/Xunit.Gherkin.Quick/blob/master/scenario-outline.md
- Make Output property private and thus hidden from derived feature classes; provide alternative for acquiring Output reference. Instructions can be found here: https://github.com/ttutisani/Xunit.Gherkin.Quick/blob/master/log-test-output.md

## About Backwards Compatibility and Upgrade Instructions

TL;DR: if you never attemped to use Scenario Outlines or `Feature.Output` property in previous releases, then this version is backwards compatible for you without any efforts. Otherwise, you can achieve compatibility with minor tweaks as discussed below.


### Scenario Outline Accidental Usage Fixed

Before this release, if you had defined a scenario outline in the feature file, it would be handled as a regular scenario (examples would be ignored). That was an unnoticed side effect which was fixed when implementing scenario outline support. After this release, if you define a scenario outline in the feature file, it will be handled as needed (by turning each example row into a scenario).

Thus, if you have a scenario outline defined somewhere, since it always behaved as just regular scenario, simply turn it into a scenario after upgrade (replace "Scenario Outline" words with "Scenario" word, and remove examples from underneath it).

### Output Property Removed - Use Constructor Injection

Until this release, there was a property named `Output` defined on `Feature` class which you could use to log string messages to standard test output pane. With version 3.0.0, this property is removed since it was considered confusing.

If you need to output messages from your scenario steps, you need to do that through constructor injection of `ITestOutputHelper` interface. This is very straightforward and easy to do - just add a constructor argument and keep the value for further use. Refer to the example on the instructions page: https://github.com/ttutisani/Xunit.Gherkin.Quick/blob/master/log-test-output.md




